New icons for indent and outdent list level (#1541)
ni/nimble: packages/nimble-tokens/CONTRIBUTING.md

### Icon naming

> Use [FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com) names for icons. If FontAweseome doesn't contain an equivalent icon, minimize the use of metaphors; choose descriptive and unambiguous names instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com) names for icons. If Font Awesome doesn't contain an equivalent icon, minimize the use of metaphors; choose descriptive and unambiguous names instead.
```

| ✅ Descriptive name    | ❌ Metaphor            |
|------------------------|------------------------|
| `key`                  | `access-control`       |
| `cog`                  | `system-configuration` |
| `arrow-left-from-line` | `logout`               |

> Add all appropriate metaphors and synonyms to the `icon-metadata.ts` file, so clients can quickly find icons in Storybook. You can find ideas for synonyms in the [FontAwesome metadata](https://github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome/blob/master/metadata/icons.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add all appropriate metaphors and synonyms to the `icon-metadata.ts` file, so clients can quickly find icons in Storybook. You can find ideas for synonyms in the [Font Awesome metadata](https://github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome/blob/master/metadata/icons.yml).
```
